>> Scott Moss: So follow along as we
implement the memory management that
we're gonna do.
>> Speaker 1: So our strategy is window
sizing, limited to window sizing and
doing a very naive summarization.
>> Scott Moss: And
then you can improve that if you want.
I'll give you some tips.
So the first thing is we
need to go to our LLM.
And we need to get this summary.
Well, actually,
we have to make that function first.
So let's start here in the memory.
In the memory file, we're gonna make
a function that gets the summary.
And then we're gonna do this code
right here that basically gets
the last five messages.
Just tap it off F5,
you can do whatever number you want,
that's the window that I'm picking
is just the last five messages.
And then it tries not to leave off
on a tool response cuz that would
put the database,
it would put the LM in a broken state.
So like, can't leave off on that message,
get one more after that,
just to make sure it's not broken.
And then the other thing is creating
a summary every 10 messages,
I'll create a summary.
These are just random
numbers that I picked.
You can pick whatever numbers you want.
So let's do that.
Let's head over to our memory,
and the first thing is,
I'm gonna update these types.
So now there's a summary here.
>> Scott Moss: Let's go to view string,
and then in our default data,
I just want the summary to be
an empty string, so we got that.
>> Scott Moss: For the add messages.
>> Scott Moss: All we wanna do is check to
see if the messages length is greater or
equal to 10, and
then we want to get the oldest messages.
So the last, the oldest five messages and
run this summarize messages
function that we're gonna create and
then just update the summary to be that.
So let's do that.
>> Scott Moss: And we'll make that
function and come back to it, so
it's not there right now,
but we'll make it.
So db.data.messages.length greater than or
equal to 10.
>> Scott Moss: Then we wanna
grab the oldest messages.
>> Scott Moss: Equals
db.data.messages.slice,
what did I put here, 05 map,
okay so, or yeah, 05 and
I need to map over these
to remove the metadata from
them because I don't want the IDs and
created at in there.
Actually, maybe you do, maybe you do,
cuz put them in the summary.
No, but we'll leave it.
Need an eval for that.
>> Scott Moss: And now we'll come back and
add the summary, but for
now, we'll just say const summary
equals an empty string, okay?
And then we will say,
db.data.summary equals the summary.
That way we can write it and when we make
the function, we'll come back and do this.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, and
now to get the messages.
Pretty simple.
We get the last five.
We do this logic right here and
then we return the last five.
So let's say,
get rid of this return right here.
This instead.
This is gonna be our messages.
>> Scott Moss: Our last five
are gonna be messages.,
what did I do, /-5.
So we got that.
And then the logic to do this, basically
what we're doing is we're like, okay,
it's the first thing in this
array which is the oldest thing.
Is its role tool?
If that's the case, what's gonna
happen is if we pass that into the AI,
it's gonna be like,
you cannot have a tool response
without a tool call with the same ID.
So we don't want that.
It's gonna error.
So we then say, okay, we'll go get the one
before that, which would be the tool call,
and then this should work.
That's essentially what this is doing.
So I'm just gonna paste that in.
And let me update my
code to say last five.
And I guess I should
spell messages correctly.
>> Scott Moss: So, pretty simple, and then
we just put them back in the same order.
The way it works is, the latest message
in a chat is always the one at the end.
The oldest message is always
the one at the beginning.
I guess I don't have to do this, I guess
I could just do that [LAUGH] I think that
works the same, I don't know what that
was, I think it just looked cool.
>> Speaker 1: You need to return at
the end for if it's not the 6th.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I need to return the last 5.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, and then we need to
make a function that says get summary.
>> Scott Moss: Get summary.
It's gonna be.
Const db equals, how do we get the db?
Await get db.
>> Scott Moss: And then we're just
gonna return db.data.summary.
>> Scott Moss: Pretty simple.
So now, if we go back to the LLM,
we need to do two things.
Need to get the summary,
put it in here, and
then we need to create
our summarized messages.
So let's just start with our
summarized messages, and
then we can bring that back into here and
keep moving.
So let's go to LLM.
>> Scott Moss: Make a new function at
the bottom called summarize messages.
And this thing just is gonna
take in a list of messages.
That's it.
And then it's gonna have a system
prompt and that's about it with
those messages and that's it.
So let's say messages, AI message is that.
>> Scott Moss: Response is await.
>> Scott Moss: Run LLM.
>> Scott Moss: Gonna pass in those
messages, gonna pass in a system prompt.
And we're gonna say,
you're Job is to summarize
the given messages to be used
in another LLM's system prompt.
>> Scott Moss: Summarize it, play by play.
So it's like, AI said this,
user said this.
AI said this, user said this.
Otherwise, it'll spit out a paragraph,
which might also work.
You got to play around with it.
You have to eval this.
>> Scott Moss: So we got our messages.
I'm a crank up the temperature
a little bit on this,
a little bit of randomness I think.
Why not?
Don't do that.
Definitely don't do that.
These numbers, although are just decimals.
They're very strong.
I would never go over 0.4.
I guess if I were to make something so
wrong,
if you do this,
you won't get back English.
You'll get back a character
you've never seen.
I didn't even know there
was a rendering for that.
Yeah, don't do that.
Okay, I think that's it.
So then we just return the content.
>> Scott Moss: Just in case,
fall back here.
So we got that.
And then while we're in here, we might as
well go ahead and pull in the git summary.
So I'll do that.
I'll say summary equals await,
get summary from memory.
Then what I can do is I can just add
that to, I'm in the wrong function.
I'll that here.
I want to do that up here and to run LLM.
So up here I want to say,
>> Scott Moss: Get summary.
>> Scott Moss: And the system prompts
is gonna be this, plus the summary.
So I'll do this.
>> Scott Moss: And I can say,
conversation so far.
>> Scott Moss: Like that.
>> Scott Moss: And the last thing
we need to do is go back to memory,
go to where we're adding the messages and
summary right here should be await,
summarize messages,
and it's gonna take in
the oldest messages like that.
Let's see what it does.
What's my database looking like?
We're looking good.
We're looking good, okay.
Let's see if we broke something.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, I don't know.
You tell me.
>> Scott Moss: Do it.
>> Scott Moss: Here's a joke for you.
What do you call a beehive
without the bees at e-hive?
My goodness, that was so cringe [LAUGH].
Humor can be quite subjective if you like.
I can share a different type of joke.
Yeah, let's see.
Do it.
>> Scott Moss: Let's see if this one says.
Here's another joke for you.
Why was the big cat
disqualified from the race?
Because it was a cheetah.
[LAUGH] I hope that one brings a smile.
What a jerk.
This thing's is getting too good.
Make me some art for that joke.
Yes, I do.
I wonder if I put a check here,
check this out.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] Putting
a check emoji wasn't approval.
That's actually pretty cool.
>> Speaker 1: It's not ambiguous.
>> Scott Moss: So
let's see what art it made.
>> Scott Moss: Come on.
There we go.
Come on, come here.
My goodness, why does it take so long?
[LAUGH] Why is he so sad?
>> Audience: [CROSSTALK]
>> Scott Moss: He's a cheetah.
My goodness.
>> Audience: [LAUGH].
>> Scott Moss: This is hilarious.
What is this animal?
[LAUGH] What is going on?
This is hilarious.